Documentation update: How To Guides overview (#367)
aragon/osx: packages/contracts/docs/osx/02-how-to-guides/02-plugin-development/07-publication/01-versioning.md

---
title: How to add a new version to your plugin
---

## How to add a new version to your plugin

The Aragon OSx protocol has an on-chain versioning system built-in, which distinguishes between releases and builds.

- **Builds** are updates to an existing version, whereas

> - **Releases** are new version releases.

Reviewer: I think this is a bit misleading
- Releases are major versions, which are incompatible with preexisting installations.
  - Release upgrades are not possible
  - You need to install a new, independent plugin
- Builds are minor/patch versions within a release, and they are meant for compatible upgrades only (adding a feature or fixing a bug without changing anything else)

> - **Releases** are major versions, which are incompatible with preexisting installations. Release upgrades are not possible; instead, you would need to install a new, independent plugin.s

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Releases** contain breaking changes, which are incompatible with preexisting installations. Updates to a different release are not possible; instead, you must install the new plugin release and uninstallt the old one.
```

Author: Love! thanks for the clarification @Michael-A-Heuer

> - **Releases** contain breaking changes, which are incompatible with preexisting installations. Updates to a different release are not possible. Instead, you must install the new plugin release and uninstall the old one.

Reviewer: The previous sections (4-upgradeable-plugin) has been talking about builds without releases/builds being introduced formally

> - **Builds** are minor/patch versions within a release, and they are meant for compatible upgrades only (adding a feature or fixing a bug without changing anything else)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Builds** contain non-breaking changes within a release. They are meant for compatible updates (adding a feature or fixing a bug without changing anything else) only.
```
